Update asyncio.ensure_future() documentation (#15347)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-future.rst

.. function:: ensure_future(obj, \*, loop=None)

>    Schedule the execution of a :ref:`coroutine object <coroutine>`: wrap it in

Reviewer: The use of the ``:term:`` Sphinx role links to Python's glossary directly. ``:ref:`` would not be incorrect in this case, but ``:term:`` is more specific. The glossary would be probably be the best place to direct users to if they are unfamiliar with coroutines.

Additionally, the extra ``:`` character after the Sphinx role isn't needed. 
```suggestion
   Schedule the execution of a :term:`coroutine object <coroutine>` and wrap it in
```

After adding this change, it may be necessary to split this into an additional line. [reST specifies](https://devguide.python.org/documenting/#use-of-whitespace) that the maximum line width should be 80 characters, this change would place the total for this line at 82.

Author: Thanks! I have signed the CLA, updated the title, and made the changes that you requested.

     is used for the test.)

   * a :class:`Task` object wrapping *obj*, if *obj* is a
     coroutine (:func:`iscoroutine` is used for the test);
     in this case the coroutine will be scheduled by

>     ``ensure_future()``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     ``ensure_future()``.
```
